docs/resources/abx_action.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aria_abx_action Resource - aria"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ABX action resource
---

# aria_abx_action (Resource)

ABX action resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
# variables.tf

variable "test_project_id" {
  type = string
}

# main.tf

// Not yet implemented
resource "aria_abx_action" "hello_world" {
  name         = "Hello World"
  description  = "Say hello and display nice contextual data."
  runtime_name = "python"
  memory_in_mb = 128
  entrypoint   = "handler"
  dependencies = []

  project_id = var.test_project_id

  source = <<EOT
from __future__ import annotations

import os


def handler(*args, **kwargs) -> None:
    print('Hello World!')
    print('Global symbols :', globals())
    print('Environment variables :', os.environ)
    print('Call Arguments: ', args, kwargs)
EOT

}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dependencies` (List of String) Dependencies (python packages, ...)
- `description` (String) Describe the action in few sentences
- `entrypoint` (String) Main function's name
- `memory_in_mb` (Number) Runtime memory constraint in MB
- `name` (String) A name (must be unique)
- `project_id` (String) Required for non-system actions
- `runtime_name` (String) Runtime name (python, nodejs, ...)
- `source` (String) Action source code

### Optional

- `faas_provider` (String) FaaS provider used for code execution
- `runtime_version` (String) Runtime version (3.10, ...)
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) How long an action can run (default 600)
- `type` (String) Type of action

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Action identifier
- `org_id` (String) Organisation ID

Commit message:

Expose ABX constants & ABX secrets to ABX actions

docs/resources/abx_action.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aria_abx_action Resource - aria"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ABX action resource
---

# aria_abx_action (Resource)

ABX action resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
# variables.tf

variable "test_project_id" {
  type = string
}

# main.tf

// Not yet implemented
resource "aria_abx_action" "hello_world" {
  name         = "Hello World"
  description  = "Say hello and display nice contextual data."
  runtime_name = "python"
  memory_in_mb = 128
  entrypoint   = "handler"
  dependencies = []

  project_id = var.test_project_id

  source = <<EOT
from __future__ import annotations

import os


def handler(*args, **kwargs) -> None:
    print('Hello World!')
    print('Global symbols :', globals())
    print('Environment variables :', os.environ)
    print('Call Arguments: ', args, kwargs)
EOT

}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `constants` (Set of String) Constants to expose to the action
- `dependencies` (List of String) Dependencies (python packages, ...)
- `description` (String) Describe the action in few sentences
- `entrypoint` (String) Main function's name
- `memory_in_mb` (Number) Runtime memory constraint in MB
- `name` (String) A name (must be unique)
- `project_id` (String) Required for non-system actions
- `runtime_name` (String) Runtime name (python, nodejs, ...)
- `secrets` (Set of String) Secrets to expose to the action
- `source` (String) Action source code

### Optional

- `faas_provider` (String) FaaS provider used for code execution
- `runtime_version` (String) Runtime version (3.10, ...)
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) How long an action can run (default 600)
- `type` (String) Type of action

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Action identifier
- `org_id` (String) Organisation ID
