docs/resources/custom_resource.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aria_custom_resource Resource - aria"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Custom Resource resource
---

# aria_custom_resource (Resource)

Custom Resource resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
# variables.tf

variable "project_id" {
  type = string
}

# locals.tf

locals {
  source = <<EOT
import os

def handler(*args, **kwargs):
    print('Global symbols :', globals())
    print('Environment variables :', os.environ)
    print('Call Arguments: ', args, kwargs)
EOT
}

# main.tf

resource "aria_abx_action" "redis_create" {
  name            = "Custom.Redis.create"
  description     = "Provision an instance of a Redis server."
  runtime_name    = "python"
  memory_in_mb    = 128
  timeout_seconds = 60
  entrypoint      = "handler"
  dependencies    = []
  constants       = []
  secrets         = []
  source          = local.source
  shared          = true
  project_id      = var.project_id
}

resource "aria_abx_action" "redis_read" {
  name            = "Custom.Redis.read"
  description     = "Refresh properties by gathering the actual Redis instance attributes."
  runtime_name    = "python"
  memory_in_mb    = 128
  timeout_seconds = 60
  entrypoint      = "handler"
  dependencies    = []
  constants       = []
  secrets         = []
  source          = local.source
  shared          = true
  project_id      = var.project_id
}

resource "aria_abx_action" "redis_update" {
  name            = "Custom.Redis.update"
  description     = "Update Redis instance's attributes."
  runtime_name    = "python"
  memory_in_mb    = 128
  timeout_seconds = 60
  entrypoint      = "handler"
  dependencies    = []
  constants       = []
  secrets         = []
  source          = local.source
  shared          = true
  project_id      = var.project_id
}

resource "aria_abx_action" "redis_delete" {
  name            = "Custom.Redis.delete"
  description     = "Destroy the Redis instance."
  runtime_name    = "python"
  memory_in_mb    = 128
  timeout_seconds = 60
  entrypoint      = "handler"
  dependencies    = []
  constants       = []
  secrets         = []
  source          = local.source
  shared          = true
  project_id      = var.project_id
}

resource "aria_custom_resource" "redis" {
  display_name  = "Redis"
  description   = "Manage an instance of a Redis database."
  resource_type = "Custom.Redis"
  schema_type   = "ABX_USER_DEFINED"
  status        = "DRAFT"
  project_id    = var.project_id

  properties = []

  // TODO Create a function to simplify this
  create = {
    id         = aria_abx_action.redis_create.id
    project_id = aria_abx_action.redis_create.project_id
    type       = "abx.action"
  }

  read = {
    id         = aria_abx_action.redis_read.id
    project_id = aria_abx_action.redis_read.project_id
    type       = "abx.action"
  }

  update = {
    id         = aria_abx_action.redis_update.id
    project_id = aria_abx_action.redis_update.project_id
    type       = "abx.action"
  }

  delete = {
    id         = aria_abx_action.redis_delete.id
    project_id = aria_abx_action.redis_delete.project_id
    type       = "abx.action"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `create` (Attributes) Resource's create action (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--create))
- `delete` (Attributes) Resource's delete action (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--delete))
- `description` (String) Describe the resource in few sentences
- `display_name` (String) A friendly name
- `project_id` (String) Project ID
- `properties` (Attributes List) Resource's properties (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--properties))
- `read` (Attributes) Resource's read action (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--read))
- `resource_type` (String) Define the type (must be unique, e.g. Custom.DB.PostgreSQL)
- `update` (Attributes) Resource's update action (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--update))

### Optional

- `schema_type` (String) Type of resource, one of ABX_USER_DEFINED (and that's all, maybe)
- `status` (String) Resource status, one of DRAFT, ON, or RELEASED

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Resource identifier
- `org_id` (String) Constant organisation identifier

<a id="nestedatt--create"></a>
### Nested Schema for `create`

Required:

- `id` (String) Runnable identifier
- `project_id` (String) Runnable's project identifier
- `type` (String) Runnable type, either abx.action or vro.workflow

Optional:

- `input_parameters` (List of String) TODO

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Runnable name


<a id="nestedatt--delete"></a>
### Nested Schema for `delete`

Required:

- `id` (String) Runnable identifier
- `project_id` (String) Runnable's project identifier
- `type` (String) Runnable type, either abx.action or vro.workflow

Optional:

- `input_parameters` (List of String) TODO

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Runnable name


<a id="nestedatt--properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `properties`

Required:

- `description` (String) Description
- `encrypted` (Boolean) Encrypted?
- `read_only` (Boolean) Make the field read-only (in the form)
- `recreate_on_update` (Boolean) Mark this field as writable once (resource will be recreated on change)
- `title` (String) Title
- `type` (String) Type, one of string, integer, number, boolean, object, array

Optional:

- `default` (String) Default value (JSON encoded default value).
Should be a dynamic type, but Terraform SDK returns this issue:
Dynamic types inside of collections are not currently supported in terraform-plugin-framework.
If underlying dynamic values are required, replace the 'properties' attribute definition with DynamicAttribute instead.
- `max_length` (Number) Maximum length (valid for a string)
- `maximum` (Number) Maximum value (inclusive, valid for an integer)
- `min_length` (Number) Minimum length (valid for a string)
- `minimum` (Number) Minimum value (inclusive, valid for an integer)
- `one_of` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--properties--one_of))
- `pattern` (String) Pattern (valid for a string)

<a id="nestedatt--properties--one_of"></a>
### Nested Schema for `properties.one_of`

Required:

- `const` (String) Technical value
- `encrypted` (Boolean) Encrypted?
- `title` (String) Display value



<a id="nestedatt--read"></a>
### Nested Schema for `read`

Required:

- `id` (String) Runnable identifier
- `project_id` (String) Runnable's project identifier
- `type` (String) Runnable type, either abx.action or vro.workflow

Optional:

- `input_parameters` (List of String) TODO

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Runnable name


<a id="nestedatt--update"></a>
### Nested Schema for `update`

Required:

- `id` (String) Runnable identifier
- `project_id` (String) Runnable's project identifier
- `type` (String) Runnable type, either abx.action or vro.workflow

Optional:

- `input_parameters` (List of String) TODO

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Runnable name

Commit message:

Property default value handling, work in progress

docs/resources/custom_resource.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aria_custom_resource Resource - aria"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Custom Resource resource
---

# aria_custom_resource (Resource)

Custom Resource resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
# variables.tf

variable "project_id" {
  type = string
}

# locals.tf

locals {
  source = <<EOT
import os

def handler(*args, **kwargs):
    print('Global symbols :', globals())
    print('Environment variables :', os.environ)
    print('Call Arguments: ', args, kwargs)
EOT
}

# main.tf

resource "aria_abx_action" "redis_create" {
  name            = "Custom.Redis.create"
  description     = "Provision an instance of a Redis server."
  runtime_name    = "python"
  memory_in_mb    = 128
  timeout_seconds = 60
  entrypoint      = "handler"
  dependencies    = []
  constants       = []
  secrets         = []
  source          = local.source
  shared          = true
  project_id      = var.project_id
}

resource "aria_abx_action" "redis_read" {
  name            = "Custom.Redis.read"
  description     = "Refresh properties by gathering the actual Redis instance attributes."
  runtime_name    = "python"
  memory_in_mb    = 128
  timeout_seconds = 60
  entrypoint      = "handler"
  dependencies    = []
  constants       = []
  secrets         = []
  source          = local.source
  shared          = true
  project_id      = var.project_id
}

resource "aria_abx_action" "redis_update" {
  name            = "Custom.Redis.update"
  description     = "Update Redis instance's attributes."
  runtime_name    = "python"
  memory_in_mb    = 128
  timeout_seconds = 60
  entrypoint      = "handler"
  dependencies    = []
  constants       = []
  secrets         = []
  source          = local.source
  shared          = true
  project_id      = var.project_id
}

resource "aria_abx_action" "redis_delete" {
  name            = "Custom.Redis.delete"
  description     = "Destroy the Redis instance."
  runtime_name    = "python"
  memory_in_mb    = 128
  timeout_seconds = 60
  entrypoint      = "handler"
  dependencies    = []
  constants       = []
  secrets         = []
  source          = local.source
  shared          = true
  project_id      = var.project_id
}

resource "aria_custom_resource" "redis" {
  display_name  = "Redis"
  description   = "Manage an instance of a Redis database."
  resource_type = "Custom.Redis"
  schema_type   = "ABX_USER_DEFINED"
  status        = "DRAFT"
  project_id    = var.project_id

  properties = []

  // TODO Create a function to simplify this
  create = {
    id         = aria_abx_action.redis_create.id
    project_id = aria_abx_action.redis_create.project_id
    type       = "abx.action"
  }

  read = {
    id         = aria_abx_action.redis_read.id
    project_id = aria_abx_action.redis_read.project_id
    type       = "abx.action"
  }

  update = {
    id         = aria_abx_action.redis_update.id
    project_id = aria_abx_action.redis_update.project_id
    type       = "abx.action"
  }

  delete = {
    id         = aria_abx_action.redis_delete.id
    project_id = aria_abx_action.redis_delete.project_id
    type       = "abx.action"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `create` (Attributes) Resource's create action (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--create))
- `delete` (Attributes) Resource's delete action (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--delete))
- `description` (String) Describe the resource in few sentences
- `display_name` (String) A friendly name
- `project_id` (String) Project ID
- `properties` (Attributes List) Resource's properties (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--properties))
- `read` (Attributes) Resource's read action (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--read))
- `resource_type` (String) Define the type (must be unique, e.g. Custom.DB.PostgreSQL)
- `update` (Attributes) Resource's update action (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--update))

### Optional

- `schema_type` (String) Type of resource, one of ABX_USER_DEFINED (and that's all, maybe)
- `status` (String) Resource status, one of DRAFT, ON, or RELEASED

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Resource identifier
- `org_id` (String) Constant organisation identifier

<a id="nestedatt--create"></a>
### Nested Schema for `create`

Required:

- `id` (String) Runnable identifier
- `project_id` (String) Runnable's project identifier
- `type` (String) Runnable type, either abx.action or vro.workflow

Optional:

- `input_parameters` (List of String) TODO

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Runnable name


<a id="nestedatt--delete"></a>
### Nested Schema for `delete`

Required:

- `id` (String) Runnable identifier
- `project_id` (String) Runnable's project identifier
- `type` (String) Runnable type, either abx.action or vro.workflow

Optional:

- `input_parameters` (List of String) TODO

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Runnable name


<a id="nestedatt--properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `properties`

Required:

- `description` (String) Description
- `encrypted` (Boolean) Encrypted?
- `read_only` (Boolean) Make the field read-only (in the form)
- `recreate_on_update` (Boolean) Mark this field as writable once (resource will be recreated on change)
- `title` (String) Title
- `type` (String) Type, one of string, integer, number or boolean. (handling object and array is not yet implemented)

Optional:

- `default` (String) Default value as string (will be seamlessly converted to appropriate type).
This attribute should be a dynamic type, but Terraform SDK returns this issue:
Dynamic types inside of collections are not currently supported in terraform-plugin-framework.
If underlying dynamic values are required, replace the 'properties' attribute definition with DynamicAttribute instead.
- `max_length` (Number) Maximum length (valid for a string)
- `maximum` (Number) Maximum value (inclusive, valid for an integer)
- `min_length` (Number) Minimum length (valid for a string)
- `minimum` (Number) Minimum value (inclusive, valid for an integer)
- `one_of` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--properties--one_of))
- `pattern` (String) Pattern (valid for a string)

<a id="nestedatt--properties--one_of"></a>
### Nested Schema for `properties.one_of`

Required:

- `const` (String) Technical value
- `encrypted` (Boolean) Encrypted?
- `title` (String) Display value



<a id="nestedatt--read"></a>
### Nested Schema for `read`

Required:

- `id` (String) Runnable identifier
- `project_id` (String) Runnable's project identifier
- `type` (String) Runnable type, either abx.action or vro.workflow

Optional:

- `input_parameters` (List of String) TODO

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Runnable name


<a id="nestedatt--update"></a>
### Nested Schema for `update`

Required:

- `id` (String) Runnable identifier
- `project_id` (String) Runnable's project identifier
- `type` (String) Runnable type, either abx.action or vro.workflow

Optional:

- `input_parameters` (List of String) TODO

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Runnable name
