docs/resources/orchestrator_workflow.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aria_orchestrator_workflow Resource - aria"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Orchestrator workflow resource
---

# aria_orchestrator_workflow (Resource)

Orchestrator workflow resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
# main.tf

resource "aria_orchestrator_category" "my_company" {
  name      = "MyCompany"
  type      = "WorkflowCategory"
  parent_id = ""
}

resource "aria_orchestrator_category" "utils" {
  name      = "Utils"
  type      = "WorkflowCategory"
  parent_id = aria_orchestrator_category.my_company.id
}

locals {
  # One can retrieve this content from workflow's editor's version history tab.
  workflow_yml = <<EOT
inputForms:
  - schema:
      deploymentID:
        id: deploymentID
        type:
          dataType: string
        label: deploymentID
        constraints:
          required: false
      vRAHost:
        id: vRAHost
        type:
          dataType: reference
          referenceType: 'VRA:Host'
        label: vRAHost
    layout:
      pages:
        - id: page_dnpofm0t
          sections:
            - id: section_owly0g7u
              fields:
                - id: deploymentID
                  display: textField
                  signpostPosition: right-middle
                  state:
                    visible: true
                    read-only: false
            - id: section_qjxtzpr8
              fields:
                - id: vRAHost
                  display: valuePickerTree
                  signpostPosition: right-middle
                  state:
                    visible: true
                    read-only: false
          title: General
    options:
      externalValidations: []
    itemId: ''
workflowSchema:
  display-name: Delete Deployment
  position:
    'y': 50
    x: 20
  input:
    param:
      - name: deploymentID
        description: TODO
        type: string
      - name: vRAHost
        description: TODO
        type: 'VRA:Host'
  output:
    param:
      - name: errorCode
        description: TODO
        type: string
  attrib:
    - value:
        number:
          value: 20
      type: number
      name: sleepTime
    - value:
        string:
          value: ''
      type: string
      name: pathUriDelete
    - type: number
      name: statusCode
    - value:
        string:
          value: ''
      type: string
      name: statusMessage
    - type: Array/string
      name: headers
    - value:
        properties:
          property:
            - key: Accept
              value:
                string:
                  value: application/json
            - key: Content-Type
              value:
                string:
                  value: application/json
      type: Properties
      name: inputHeaders
    - value:
        string:
          value: ''
      type: string
      name: pathUriGet
    - value:
        string:
          value: ''
      type: string
      name: contentAsStringGet
    - value:
        string:
          value: ''
      type: string
      name: contentAsStringDelete
    - value:
        string:
          value: ''
      type: string
      name: requestStatus
    - type: number
      name: count
  workflow-item:
    - in-binding: {}
      position:
        'y': 50
        x: 1020
      name: item0
      type: end
      end-mode: '0'
      comparator: 0
    - display-name: Sleep
      script:
        value: "//Auto-generated script\nif ( sleepTime !== null )  {\n\tSystem.sleep(sleepTime * 1000);\n}else  {\n\tthrow \"'sleepTime' is NULL\"; \n}"
        encoded: false
      in-binding:
        bind:
          - description: Time to sleep in seconds
            name: sleepTime
            type: number
            export-name: sleepTime
      out-binding: {}
      description: Sleep a given number of seconds.
      position:
        'y': 60
        x: 220
      name: item2
      out-name: item6
      type: task
      prototype-id: sleep
      content-mode: x
      comparator: 0
    - display-name: Delete operation
      in-binding:
        bind:
          - description: vRA/C host
            name: host
            type: 'VRA:Host'
            export-name: vRAHost
          - description: Resource path Uri
            name: pathUri
            type: string
            export-name: pathUriDelete
          - description: Request headers
            name: inputHeaders
            type: Properties
            export-name: inputHeaders
      out-binding:
        bind:
          - description: Response status code
            name: statusCode
            type: number
            export-name: statusCode
          - description: Response content
            name: contentAsString
            type: string
            export-name: contentAsStringDelete
          - description: Response status message
            name: statusMessage
            type: string
            export-name: statusMessage
          - description: Response headers
            name: headers
            type: Array/string
            export-name: headers
      description: ' '
      position:
        'y': 60
        x: 420
      name: item5
      out-name: item8
      throw-bind-name: errorCode
      type: link
      linked-workflow-id: 06998d5f-27ea-4c02-b62f-e45140a8072c
      comparator: 0
    - display-name: retrieve PathURIDelete
      script:
        value: var pathUriDelete = "/deployment/api/deployments/"+deploymentID
        encoded: false
      in-binding:
        bind:
          - name: deploymentID
            type: string
            export-name: deploymentID
      out-binding:
        bind:
          - name: pathUriDelete
            type: string
            export-name: pathUriDelete
      description: Simple task with custom script capability.
      position:
        'y': 60
        x: 320
      name: item6
      out-name: item5
      catch-name: item20
      throw-bind-name: errorCode
      type: task
      comparator: 0
    - display-name: retrieve RequestID
      script:
        value: |-
          var contentObj = JSON.parse(contentAsStringDelete);
          var requestID = contentObj.id;
          System.log("Request ID : "+requestID)

          var pathUriGet = "/deployment/api/requests/"+requestID
        encoded: false
      in-binding:
        bind:
          - name: contentAsStringDelete
            type: string
            export-name: contentAsStringDelete
      out-binding:
        bind:
          - name: pathUriGet
            type: string
            export-name: pathUriGet
      description: Simple task with custom script capability.
      position:
        'y': 60
        x: 540
      name: item8
      out-name: item10
      type: task
      comparator: 0
    - display-name: Get operation
      in-binding:
        bind:
          - description: vRA/C host
            name: host
            type: 'VRA:Host'
            export-name: vRAHost
          - description: Resource path uri
            name: pathUri
            type: string
            export-name: pathUriGet
          - description: Request headers
            name: inputHeaders
            type: Properties
            export-name: inputHeaders
      out-binding:
        bind:
          - description: Response status code (HTTP standard - 200/400 etc.)
            name: statusCode
            type: number
            export-name: statusCode
          - description: Response content
            name: contentAsString
            type: string
            export-name: contentAsStringGet
          - description: Response status message
            name: statusMessage
            type: string
            export-name: statusMessage
          - description: Response headers
            name: headers
            type: Array/string
            export-name: headers
      description: ' '
      position:
        'y': 60
        x: 660
      name: item10
      out-name: item16
      type: link
      linked-workflow-id: 36cb38fa-1901-4b4d-840a-33f6368757ea
      comparator: 0
    - display-name: Deleted ?
      script:
        value: |-
          if (requestStatus == "SUCCESSFUL"){
              System.log("Deployment Deleted")
              return true;
          }else {
              return false;
              }
        encoded: false
      in-binding:
        bind:
          - name: requestStatus
            type: string
            export-name: requestStatus
      out-binding: {}
      description: Custom decision based on a custom script.
      position:
        'y': 50
        x: 880
      name: item12
      out-name: item0
      alt-out-name: item15
      type: custom-condition
      comparator: 0
    - display-name: Failed ?
      script:
        value: |-
          if (requestStatus == "FAILED"){
              var contentObj = JSON.parse(contentAsStringGet);
              var failDetails = contentObj.details;
              var errorcode = failDetails
              throw " Deployment not Deleted : "+failDetails
              return false;
          } else {
              return true;
          }
        encoded: false
      in-binding:
        bind:
          - name: requestStatus
            type: string
            export-name: requestStatus
          - name: contentAsStringGet
            type: string
            export-name: contentAsStringGet
      out-binding: {}
      description: Custom decision based on a custom script.
      position:
        'y': 140
        x: 780
      name: item15
      out-name: item10
      alt-out-name: item17
      type: custom-condition
      comparator: 0
    - display-name: Retrieve request Status
      script:
        value: |-
          var contentObj = JSON.parse(contentAsStringGet);
          var requestStatus = contentObj.status;
          System.log("Request Status : "+requestStatus)
        encoded: false
      in-binding:
        bind:
          - name: contentAsStringGet
            type: string
            export-name: contentAsStringGet
      out-binding:
        bind:
          - name: requestStatus
            type: string
            export-name: requestStatus
      description: Simple task with custom script capability.
      position:
        'y': 60
        x: 780
      name: item16
      out-name: item12
      type: task
      comparator: 0
    - in-binding: {}
      position:
        'y': 200
        x: 820
      name: item17
      throw-bind-name: errorCode
      type: end
      end-mode: '1'
      comparator: 0
    - display-name: Retrying ?
      script:
        value: |-

          var count = count + 1 ;
          if (count < 5 ){
              System.log("Faled to delete Deployment - Retrying")
              return true ;
          } else {
               System.log("Faled to delete Deployment")
              return false ;
          }
        encoded: false
      in-binding:
        bind:
          - name: count
            type: number
            export-name: count
      out-binding: {}
      description: Custom decision based on a custom script.
      position:
        'y': 130
        x: 280
      name: item20
      out-name: item2
      alt-out-name: item21
      type: custom-condition
      comparator: 0
    - in-binding: {}
      position:
        'y': 200
        x: 320
      name: item21
      throw-bind-name: errorCode
      type: end
      end-mode: '1'
      comparator: 0
    - display-name: Init variables
      script:
        value: var count = 0
        encoded: false
      in-binding: {}
      out-binding:
        bind:
          - name: count
            type: number
            export-name: count
      description: Simple task with custom script capability.
      position:
        'y': 60
        x: 100
      name: item22
      out-name: item2
      type: task
      comparator: 0
  presentation: {}
  root-name: item22
  object-name: 'workflow:name=generic'
  id: c9868f6f-3c0c-41dd-b6b1-040061e8a239
  version: 0.0.7
  api-version: 6.0.0
  allowed-operations: vfe
  restartMode: 1
  resumeFromFailedMode: 0
  editor-version: '2.0'
EOT

  workflow_data = yamldecode(local.workflow_yml)
}

# Example workflow edited on Aria then dump as a YAML and managed with this provider
resource "aria_orchestrator_workflow" "delete_deployment" {
  name        = "${local.workflow_data["workflowSchema"]["display-name"]} (Copy)"
  description = "Delete a deployment."
  category_id = aria_orchestrator_category.utils.id
  version     = "1.0.0"

  allowed_operations      = local.workflow_data["workflowSchema"]["allowed-operations"]
  attrib                  = jsonencode(local.workflow_data["workflowSchema"]["attrib"])
  object_name             = local.workflow_data["workflowSchema"]["object-name"]
  position                = local.workflow_data["workflowSchema"]["position"]
  presentation            = jsonencode(local.workflow_data["workflowSchema"]["presentation"])
  restart_mode            = local.workflow_data["workflowSchema"]["restartMode"]
  resume_from_failed_mode = local.workflow_data["workflowSchema"]["resumeFromFailedMode"]
  root_name               = local.workflow_data["workflowSchema"]["root-name"]
  workflow_item           = jsonencode(local.workflow_data["workflowSchema"]["workflow-item"])
  input_parameters        = local.workflow_data["workflowSchema"]["input"]["param"]
  output_parameters       = local.workflow_data["workflowSchema"]["output"]["param"]
  input_forms             = jsonencode(local.workflow_data["inputForms"])
  api_version             = local.workflow_data["workflowSchema"]["api-version"]
  editor_version          = local.workflow_data["workflowSchema"]["editor-version"]

  force_delete = true # Even if packages refers to this workflow
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `attrib` (String) Workflow attributes
- `category_id` (String) Where to store the workflow (Category's identifier)
- `description` (String) Describe the resource in few sentences
- `input_forms` (String) Workflow input forms
- `input_parameters` (Attributes List) Workflow input parameters (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--input_parameters))
- `name` (String) Workflow name (e.g. Send Mail)
- `output_parameters` (Attributes List) Workflow output parameters (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--output_parameters))
- `position` (Attributes) Position (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--position))
- `presentation` (String) Workflow presentation
- `restart_mode` (Number) Workflow restart mode:
Skip (0) - do not resume run from failure.
Resume (1) - Resume workflow run failure.
- `resume_from_failed_mode` (Number) Resume workflow from failed behavior:
Default (0) - System default - Follows the default behavior.
Enabled (1) - If a workflow run fails, a pop-up window displays an option to resume the workflow run.
Disabled (2) - If a workflow run fails, it cannot be resumed.
- `version` (String) Workflow version (e.g. 1.0.0)
- `workflow_item` (String) Workflow item

### Optional

- `allowed_operations` (String) TODO
- `api_version` (String) Orchestrator API Version.
- `editor_version` (String) Orchestrator Editor Version.
- `force_delete` (Boolean) Force destroying the workflow (bypass references check).
- `object_name` (String) TODO
- `root_name` (String) TODO

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Identifier
- `version_id` (String) Workflow's latest changeset identifier

<a id="nestedatt--input_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `input_parameters`

Required:

- `description` (String) Parameter description
- `name` (String) Parameter name
- `type` (String) Parameter type


<a id="nestedatt--output_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `output_parameters`

Required:

- `description` (String) Parameter description
- `name` (String) Parameter name
- `type` (String) Parameter type


<a id="nestedatt--position"></a>
### Nested Schema for `position`

Required:

- `x` (Number) X
- `y` (Number) Y

Commit message:

Add wait_on_catalog to aria_orchestrator_workflow

docs/resources/orchestrator_workflow.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aria_orchestrator_workflow Resource - aria"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Orchestrator workflow resource
---

# aria_orchestrator_workflow (Resource)

Orchestrator workflow resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
# main.tf

resource "aria_orchestrator_category" "my_company" {
  name      = "MyCompany"
  type      = "WorkflowCategory"
  parent_id = ""
}

resource "aria_orchestrator_category" "utils" {
  name      = "Utils"
  type      = "WorkflowCategory"
  parent_id = aria_orchestrator_category.my_company.id
}

locals {
  # One can retrieve this content from workflow's editor's version history tab.
  workflow_yml = <<EOT
inputForms:
  - schema:
      deploymentID:
        id: deploymentID
        type:
          dataType: string
        label: deploymentID
        constraints:
          required: false
      vRAHost:
        id: vRAHost
        type:
          dataType: reference
          referenceType: 'VRA:Host'
        label: vRAHost
    layout:
      pages:
        - id: page_dnpofm0t
          sections:
            - id: section_owly0g7u
              fields:
                - id: deploymentID
                  display: textField
                  signpostPosition: right-middle
                  state:
                    visible: true
                    read-only: false
            - id: section_qjxtzpr8
              fields:
                - id: vRAHost
                  display: valuePickerTree
                  signpostPosition: right-middle
                  state:
                    visible: true
                    read-only: false
          title: General
    options:
      externalValidations: []
    itemId: ''
workflowSchema:
  display-name: Delete Deployment
  position:
    'y': 50
    x: 20
  input:
    param:
      - name: deploymentID
        description: TODO
        type: string
      - name: vRAHost
        description: TODO
        type: 'VRA:Host'
  output:
    param:
      - name: errorCode
        description: TODO
        type: string
  attrib:
    - value:
        number:
          value: 20
      type: number
      name: sleepTime
    - value:
        string:
          value: ''
      type: string
      name: pathUriDelete
    - type: number
      name: statusCode
    - value:
        string:
          value: ''
      type: string
      name: statusMessage
    - type: Array/string
      name: headers
    - value:
        properties:
          property:
            - key: Accept
              value:
                string:
                  value: application/json
            - key: Content-Type
              value:
                string:
                  value: application/json
      type: Properties
      name: inputHeaders
    - value:
        string:
          value: ''
      type: string
      name: pathUriGet
    - value:
        string:
          value: ''
      type: string
      name: contentAsStringGet
    - value:
        string:
          value: ''
      type: string
      name: contentAsStringDelete
    - value:
        string:
          value: ''
      type: string
      name: requestStatus
    - type: number
      name: count
  workflow-item:
    - in-binding: {}
      position:
        'y': 50
        x: 1020
      name: item0
      type: end
      end-mode: '0'
      comparator: 0
    - display-name: Sleep
      script:
        value: "//Auto-generated script\nif ( sleepTime !== null )  {\n\tSystem.sleep(sleepTime * 1000);\n}else  {\n\tthrow \"'sleepTime' is NULL\"; \n}"
        encoded: false
      in-binding:
        bind:
          - description: Time to sleep in seconds
            name: sleepTime
            type: number
            export-name: sleepTime
      out-binding: {}
      description: Sleep a given number of seconds.
      position:
        'y': 60
        x: 220
      name: item2
      out-name: item6
      type: task
      prototype-id: sleep
      content-mode: x
      comparator: 0
    - display-name: Delete operation
      in-binding:
        bind:
          - description: vRA/C host
            name: host
            type: 'VRA:Host'
            export-name: vRAHost
          - description: Resource path Uri
            name: pathUri
            type: string
            export-name: pathUriDelete
          - description: Request headers
            name: inputHeaders
            type: Properties
            export-name: inputHeaders
      out-binding:
        bind:
          - description: Response status code
            name: statusCode
            type: number
            export-name: statusCode
          - description: Response content
            name: contentAsString
            type: string
            export-name: contentAsStringDelete
          - description: Response status message
            name: statusMessage
            type: string
            export-name: statusMessage
          - description: Response headers
            name: headers
            type: Array/string
            export-name: headers
      description: ' '
      position:
        'y': 60
        x: 420
      name: item5
      out-name: item8
      throw-bind-name: errorCode
      type: link
      linked-workflow-id: 06998d5f-27ea-4c02-b62f-e45140a8072c
      comparator: 0
    - display-name: retrieve PathURIDelete
      script:
        value: var pathUriDelete = "/deployment/api/deployments/"+deploymentID
        encoded: false
      in-binding:
        bind:
          - name: deploymentID
            type: string
            export-name: deploymentID
      out-binding:
        bind:
          - name: pathUriDelete
            type: string
            export-name: pathUriDelete
      description: Simple task with custom script capability.
      position:
        'y': 60
        x: 320
      name: item6
      out-name: item5
      catch-name: item20
      throw-bind-name: errorCode
      type: task
      comparator: 0
    - display-name: retrieve RequestID
      script:
        value: |-
          var contentObj = JSON.parse(contentAsStringDelete);
          var requestID = contentObj.id;
          System.log("Request ID : "+requestID)

          var pathUriGet = "/deployment/api/requests/"+requestID
        encoded: false
      in-binding:
        bind:
          - name: contentAsStringDelete
            type: string
            export-name: contentAsStringDelete
      out-binding:
        bind:
          - name: pathUriGet
            type: string
            export-name: pathUriGet
      description: Simple task with custom script capability.
      position:
        'y': 60
        x: 540
      name: item8
      out-name: item10
      type: task
      comparator: 0
    - display-name: Get operation
      in-binding:
        bind:
          - description: vRA/C host
            name: host
            type: 'VRA:Host'
            export-name: vRAHost
          - description: Resource path uri
            name: pathUri
            type: string
            export-name: pathUriGet
          - description: Request headers
            name: inputHeaders
            type: Properties
            export-name: inputHeaders
      out-binding:
        bind:
          - description: Response status code (HTTP standard - 200/400 etc.)
            name: statusCode
            type: number
            export-name: statusCode
          - description: Response content
            name: contentAsString
            type: string
            export-name: contentAsStringGet
          - description: Response status message
            name: statusMessage
            type: string
            export-name: statusMessage
          - description: Response headers
            name: headers
            type: Array/string
            export-name: headers
      description: ' '
      position:
        'y': 60
        x: 660
      name: item10
      out-name: item16
      type: link
      linked-workflow-id: 36cb38fa-1901-4b4d-840a-33f6368757ea
      comparator: 0
    - display-name: Deleted ?
      script:
        value: |-
          if (requestStatus == "SUCCESSFUL"){
              System.log("Deployment Deleted")
              return true;
          }else {
              return false;
              }
        encoded: false
      in-binding:
        bind:
          - name: requestStatus
            type: string
            export-name: requestStatus
      out-binding: {}
      description: Custom decision based on a custom script.
      position:
        'y': 50
        x: 880
      name: item12
      out-name: item0
      alt-out-name: item15
      type: custom-condition
      comparator: 0
    - display-name: Failed ?
      script:
        value: |-
          if (requestStatus == "FAILED"){
              var contentObj = JSON.parse(contentAsStringGet);
              var failDetails = contentObj.details;
              var errorcode = failDetails
              throw " Deployment not Deleted : "+failDetails
              return false;
          } else {
              return true;
          }
        encoded: false
      in-binding:
        bind:
          - name: requestStatus
            type: string
            export-name: requestStatus
          - name: contentAsStringGet
            type: string
            export-name: contentAsStringGet
      out-binding: {}
      description: Custom decision based on a custom script.
      position:
        'y': 140
        x: 780
      name: item15
      out-name: item10
      alt-out-name: item17
      type: custom-condition
      comparator: 0
    - display-name: Retrieve request Status
      script:
        value: |-
          var contentObj = JSON.parse(contentAsStringGet);
          var requestStatus = contentObj.status;
          System.log("Request Status : "+requestStatus)
        encoded: false
      in-binding:
        bind:
          - name: contentAsStringGet
            type: string
            export-name: contentAsStringGet
      out-binding:
        bind:
          - name: requestStatus
            type: string
            export-name: requestStatus
      description: Simple task with custom script capability.
      position:
        'y': 60
        x: 780
      name: item16
      out-name: item12
      type: task
      comparator: 0
    - in-binding: {}
      position:
        'y': 200
        x: 820
      name: item17
      throw-bind-name: errorCode
      type: end
      end-mode: '1'
      comparator: 0
    - display-name: Retrying ?
      script:
        value: |-

          var count = count + 1 ;
          if (count < 5 ){
              System.log("Faled to delete Deployment - Retrying")
              return true ;
          } else {
               System.log("Faled to delete Deployment")
              return false ;
          }
        encoded: false
      in-binding:
        bind:
          - name: count
            type: number
            export-name: count
      out-binding: {}
      description: Custom decision based on a custom script.
      position:
        'y': 130
        x: 280
      name: item20
      out-name: item2
      alt-out-name: item21
      type: custom-condition
      comparator: 0
    - in-binding: {}
      position:
        'y': 200
        x: 320
      name: item21
      throw-bind-name: errorCode
      type: end
      end-mode: '1'
      comparator: 0
    - display-name: Init variables
      script:
        value: var count = 0
        encoded: false
      in-binding: {}
      out-binding:
        bind:
          - name: count
            type: number
            export-name: count
      description: Simple task with custom script capability.
      position:
        'y': 60
        x: 100
      name: item22
      out-name: item2
      type: task
      comparator: 0
  presentation: {}
  root-name: item22
  object-name: 'workflow:name=generic'
  id: c9868f6f-3c0c-41dd-b6b1-040061e8a239
  version: 0.0.7
  api-version: 6.0.0
  allowed-operations: vfe
  restartMode: 1
  resumeFromFailedMode: 0
  editor-version: '2.0'
EOT

  workflow_data = yamldecode(local.workflow_yml)
}

# Example workflow edited on Aria then dump as a YAML and managed with this provider
resource "aria_orchestrator_workflow" "delete_deployment" {
  name        = "${local.workflow_data["workflowSchema"]["display-name"]} (Copy)"
  description = "Delete a deployment."
  category_id = aria_orchestrator_category.utils.id
  version     = "1.0.0"

  allowed_operations      = local.workflow_data["workflowSchema"]["allowed-operations"]
  attrib                  = jsonencode(local.workflow_data["workflowSchema"]["attrib"])
  object_name             = local.workflow_data["workflowSchema"]["object-name"]
  position                = local.workflow_data["workflowSchema"]["position"]
  presentation            = jsonencode(local.workflow_data["workflowSchema"]["presentation"])
  restart_mode            = local.workflow_data["workflowSchema"]["restartMode"]
  resume_from_failed_mode = local.workflow_data["workflowSchema"]["resumeFromFailedMode"]
  root_name               = local.workflow_data["workflowSchema"]["root-name"]
  workflow_item           = jsonencode(local.workflow_data["workflowSchema"]["workflow-item"])
  input_parameters        = local.workflow_data["workflowSchema"]["input"]["param"]
  output_parameters       = local.workflow_data["workflowSchema"]["output"]["param"]
  input_forms             = jsonencode(local.workflow_data["inputForms"])
  api_version             = local.workflow_data["workflowSchema"]["api-version"]
  editor_version          = local.workflow_data["workflowSchema"]["editor-version"]

  force_delete = true # Even if packages refers to this workflow
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `attrib` (String) Workflow attributes
- `category_id` (String) Where to store the workflow (Category's identifier)
- `description` (String) Describe the resource in few sentences
- `input_forms` (String) Workflow input forms
- `input_parameters` (Attributes List) Workflow input parameters (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--input_parameters))
- `name` (String) Workflow name (e.g. Send Mail)
- `output_parameters` (Attributes List) Workflow output parameters (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--output_parameters))
- `position` (Attributes) Position (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--position))
- `presentation` (String) Workflow presentation
- `restart_mode` (Number) Workflow restart mode:
Skip (0) - do not resume run from failure.
Resume (1) - Resume workflow run failure.
- `resume_from_failed_mode` (Number) Resume workflow from failed behavior:
Default (0) - System default - Follows the default behavior.
Enabled (1) - If a workflow run fails, a pop-up window displays an option to resume the workflow run.
Disabled (2) - If a workflow run fails, it cannot be resumed.
- `version` (String) Workflow version (e.g. 1.0.0)
- `workflow_item` (String) Workflow item

### Optional

- `allowed_operations` (String) TODO
- `api_version` (String) Orchestrator API Version.
- `editor_version` (String) Orchestrator Editor Version.
- `force_delete` (Boolean) Force destroying the workflow (bypass references check).
- `object_name` (String) TODO
- `root_name` (String) TODO
- `wait_on_catalog` (Boolean) Wait for workflow to be available in catalog (up to 10 minutes, checked every 10 seconds)

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Identifier
- `version_id` (String) Workflow's latest changeset identifier

<a id="nestedatt--input_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `input_parameters`

Required:

- `description` (String) Parameter description
- `name` (String) Parameter name
- `type` (String) Parameter type


<a id="nestedatt--output_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `output_parameters`

Required:

- `description` (String) Parameter description
- `name` (String) Parameter name
- `type` (String) Parameter type


<a id="nestedatt--position"></a>
### Nested Schema for `position`

Required:

- `x` (Number) X
- `y` (Number) Y
