docs/resources/resource_action.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aria_resource_action Resource - aria"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Native resource's action resource
---

# aria_resource_action (Resource)

Native resource's action resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
# variables.tf

variable "test_project_id" {
  type = string
}

# main.tf

resource "aria_abx_action" "hello_world" {
  name         = "Hello World"
  description  = "Say hello and display nice contextual data."
  runtime_name = "python"
  memory_in_mb = 128
  entrypoint   = "handler"
  dependencies = []
  constants    = []
  secrets      = []

  project_id = var.test_project_id

  source = <<EOT
from __future__ import annotations

import os


def handler(*args, **kwargs) -> None:
    print('Hello World!')
    print('Global symbols :', globals())
    print('Environment variables :', os.environ)
    print('Call Arguments: ', args, kwargs)
EOT

}

resource "aria_resource_action" "machine_hello_world" {
  name          = aria_abx_action.hello_world.name
  display_name  = aria_abx_action.hello_world.name
  description   = aria_abx_action.hello_world.description
  resource_type = "Cloud.vSphere.Machine"
  status        = "DRAFT"
  project_id    = var.test_project_id
  runnable_item = {
    id                = aria_abx_action.hello_world.id
    name              = aria_abx_action.hello_world.name
    project_id        = aria_abx_action.hello_world.project_id
    type              = "abx.action"
    input_parameters  = []
    output_parameters = []
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `description` (String) Description
- `display_name` (String) Action display name
- `name` (String) Action name
- `project_id` (String) Project ID
- `resource_type` (String) Native resource type
- `runnable_item` (Attributes) Action's runnable (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runnable_item))

### Optional

- `provider_name` (String) Provider name, one of xaas (and that's all, maybe)
- `status` (String) Action status, either DRAFT or RELEASED

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Action identifier
- `org_id` (String) Action organisation identifier

<a id="nestedatt--runnable_item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runnable_item`

Required:

- `id` (String) Runnable identifier
- `input_parameters` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runnable_item--input_parameters))
- `name` (String) Runnable name
- `output_parameters` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runnable_item--output_parameters))
- `project_id` (String) Runnable's project identifier
- `type` (String) Runnable type, either abx.action or vro.workflow

<a id="nestedatt--runnable_item--input_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runnable_item.input_parameters`

Required:

- `description` (String) Description
- `name` (String) Name
- `type` (String) Type


<a id="nestedatt--runnable_item--output_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runnable_item.output_parameters`

Required:

- `description` (String) Description
- `name` (String) Name
- `type` (String) Type

Commit message:

Changing resource action project_id requires a replacement

docs/resources/resource_action.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aria_resource_action Resource - aria"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Native resource's action resource
---

# aria_resource_action (Resource)

Native resource's action resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
# variables.tf

variable "test_project_id" {
  type = string
}

# main.tf

resource "aria_abx_action" "hello_world" {
  name         = "Hello World"
  description  = "Say hello and display nice contextual data."
  runtime_name = "python"
  memory_in_mb = 128
  entrypoint   = "handler"
  dependencies = []
  constants    = []
  secrets      = []

  project_id = var.test_project_id

  source = <<EOT
from __future__ import annotations

import os


def handler(*args, **kwargs) -> None:
    print('Hello World!')
    print('Global symbols :', globals())
    print('Environment variables :', os.environ)
    print('Call Arguments: ', args, kwargs)
EOT

}

resource "aria_resource_action" "machine_hello_world" {
  name          = aria_abx_action.hello_world.name
  display_name  = aria_abx_action.hello_world.name
  description   = aria_abx_action.hello_world.description
  resource_type = "Cloud.vSphere.Machine"
  status        = "DRAFT"
  project_id    = var.test_project_id
  runnable_item = {
    id                = aria_abx_action.hello_world.id
    name              = aria_abx_action.hello_world.name
    project_id        = aria_abx_action.hello_world.project_id
    type              = "abx.action"
    input_parameters  = []
    output_parameters = []
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `description` (String) Description
- `display_name` (String) Action display name
- `name` (String) Action name
- `project_id` (String) Project ID. Set it to "" to make the action available for all projects.
- `resource_type` (String) Native resource type
- `runnable_item` (Attributes) Action's runnable (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runnable_item))

### Optional

- `provider_name` (String) Provider name, one of xaas (and that's all, maybe)
- `status` (String) Action status, either DRAFT or RELEASED

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Action identifier
- `org_id` (String) Action organisation identifier

<a id="nestedatt--runnable_item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runnable_item`

Required:

- `id` (String) Runnable identifier
- `input_parameters` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runnable_item--input_parameters))
- `name` (String) Runnable name
- `output_parameters` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runnable_item--output_parameters))
- `project_id` (String) Runnable's project identifier
- `type` (String) Runnable type, either abx.action or vro.workflow

<a id="nestedatt--runnable_item--input_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runnable_item.input_parameters`

Required:

- `description` (String) Description
- `name` (String) Name
- `type` (String) Type


<a id="nestedatt--runnable_item--output_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runnable_item.output_parameters`

Required:

- `description` (String) Description
- `name` (String) Name
- `type` (String) Type
