docs/resources/subscription.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aria_subscription Resource - aria"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Subscription resource (event broker API https://developer.broadcom.com/xapis/vrealize-automation-event-broker-service-api/latest/subscription/)
---

# aria_subscription (Resource)

Subscription resource ([event broker API](https://developer.broadcom.com/xapis/vrealize-automation-event-broker-service-api/latest/subscription/))

## Example Usage

```terraform
# variables.tf

variable "test_project_id" {
  type = string
}

# main.tf

// Not yet implemented
resource "aria_abx_action" "hello_world" {
  name         = "Hello World"
  description  = "Say hello and display nice contextual data."
  runtime_name = "python"
  memory_in_mb = "128"
  entrypoint   = "handler"
  dependencies = []

  project_id = var.test_project_id

  source = <<EOT
from __future__ import annotations

import os


def handler(*args, **kwargs) -> None:
    print('Hello World!')
    print('Global symbols :', globals())
    print('Environment variables :', os.environ)
    print('Call Arguments: ', args, kwargs)
EOT

}

resource "aria_subscription" "hello_world" {
  name           = "Hello World"
  description    = "Say hello when a machine is provisionned"
  type           = "RUNNABLE"
  runnable_type  = "extensibility.abx"
  runnable_id    = aria_abx_action.hello_world.id
  event_topic_id = "compute.provision.post"
  blocking       = true
  contextual     = false
  disabled       = false
  timeout        = 0
  priority       = 10
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `blocking` (Boolean) TODO
- `contextual` (Boolean) TODO
- `description` (String) TODO
- `event_topic_id` (String) Event topic ID
- `name` (String) Subscription name
- `priority` (Number) TODO
- `runnable_id` (String) TODO
- `runnable_type` (String) TODO
- `timeout` (Number) TODO
- `type` (String) Subscription type

### Optional

- `criteria` (String) TODO
- `disabled` (Boolean) TODO
- `recover_runnable_id` (String) TODO
- `recover_runnable_type` (String) TODO

### Read-Only

- `broadcast` (Boolean) TODO
- `id` (String) Subscription identifier
- `org_id` (String) Subscription organisation ID
- `owner_id` (String) Subscription owner ID
- `subscriber_id` (String) Subscriber ID
- `system` (Boolean) TODO

Commit message:

Add project_ids to subscription

docs/resources/subscription.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aria_subscription Resource - aria"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Subscription resource (event broker API https://developer.broadcom.com/xapis/vrealize-automation-event-broker-service-api/latest/subscription/)
---

# aria_subscription (Resource)

Subscription resource ([event broker API](https://developer.broadcom.com/xapis/vrealize-automation-event-broker-service-api/latest/subscription/))

## Example Usage

```terraform
# variables.tf

variable "test_project_id" {
  type = string
}

# main.tf

// Not yet implemented
resource "aria_abx_action" "hello_world" {
  name         = "Hello World"
  description  = "Say hello and display nice contextual data."
  runtime_name = "python"
  memory_in_mb = "128"
  entrypoint   = "handler"
  dependencies = []

  project_id = var.test_project_id

  source = <<EOT
from __future__ import annotations

import os


def handler(*args, **kwargs) -> None:
    print('Hello World!')
    print('Global symbols :', globals())
    print('Environment variables :', os.environ)
    print('Call Arguments: ', args, kwargs)
EOT

}

resource "aria_subscription" "hello_world" {
  name           = "Hello World"
  description    = "Say hello when a machine is provisionned"
  type           = "RUNNABLE"
  runnable_type  = "extensibility.abx"
  runnable_id    = aria_abx_action.hello_world.id
  event_topic_id = "compute.provision.post"
  project_ids    = [] # All projects
  blocking       = true
  contextual     = false
  disabled       = false
  timeout        = 0
  priority       = 10
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `blocking` (Boolean) TODO
- `contextual` (Boolean) TODO
- `description` (String) TODO
- `event_topic_id` (String) Event topic ID
- `name` (String) Subscription name
- `priority` (Number) TODO
- `project_ids` (Set of String) Restrict to given projects (an empty list means all)
- `runnable_id` (String) TODO
- `runnable_type` (String) TODO
- `timeout` (Number) TODO
- `type` (String) Subscription type

### Optional

- `criteria` (String) TODO
- `disabled` (Boolean) TODO
- `recover_runnable_id` (String) TODO
- `recover_runnable_type` (String) TODO

### Read-Only

- `broadcast` (Boolean) TODO
- `id` (String) Subscription identifier
- `org_id` (String) Subscription organisation ID
- `owner_id` (String) Subscription owner ID
- `subscriber_id` (String) Subscriber ID
- `system` (Boolean) TODO
